0: Loved it!! Awesome service. The food was so good that I didn't have time to take too many pictures. The service was impeccable and very attentive. It was overall a very din experience. Also you need to try the Greek coffee. I loved it so much that ended up having two cups.
1: Stunning restaurant, delicious food, great wine selection and incredible staff. I had dinner with some friends a few months ago. Even though we had a reservation it took some time to get us seated and the waiters more than made it up to us by offering outstanding service and a complimentary desert. Highly recommend. Perfect date night spot.
2: Interesting restaurant which serves a range of vegetarian and meat dishes. It is very popular and was packed during lunch when we were there. While the restaurant is indicated as a Greek restaurant the usual Greek dishes are not on their menu. We ordered a mix of various starters. A salad and some fried dishes, these were nice but nothing spectacular. As main dish we choose their macaronia, which comprises of a couple of large ravioli served in am light oil based sauce. Topped up with some fried onions and peanuts which gave the dish a distinctive touch. Quite small portions though. The food was of a good quality but quite expensive for what they offered. The service was very attentive and friendly.
3: Delicious food and great service. The flavors of each dish, especially the lamb chops, were outstanding! The service is friendly, professional, and efficient. The only issue was the high noise level in the restaurant, which was mostly because of a large, boisterous dinner party of over 20 people—they should have placed them in a more private space because their loud volume definitely affected other guests. At the tables nearby, guests could not even hear others at their own tables. This is definitely something that the restaurant management should improve upon for the future.
4: This is my favorite restaurant of all time. The minute I walked in, I was completely hooked by the vibe. The building itself has an enchanting vintage character to it, and the decor reflects its Mediterranean roots. It is a full experience in itself to dine in a place like this. The food is beyond magical, and every dish carries an authentic and complex Greek flavor profile. The taste is refined, unique, and exciting, and I couldn't stop devouring everything that was on the table. The service was amazing. The staff showed a contagious passion for their job that elevated the whole experience. Overall highly recommended, and I can't wait to go back. Vegetarian options: The only vegetarian entree was the cheese ravioli, but there are a plethora of vegetarian starters and salads that could comprise a lovely dinner.
5: This modern Greek restaurant in a rustic venue is just out of this world. It has the best lamb and octopus we had, and I'm not even an octopus person. And you just can't go wrong with Kokkari, because everything is delicious, and the service is excellent. We have to give it a try!
6: Delicious food with high attention to nuances, fine atmosphere and great & personal service! I’ve dined alone, since I’m on a business trip and didn’t feel awkward for a second. Wanted to taste as much as I could, so ordered a few items from the appetizers menu. The zucchini cake is to die for, the prawns were nommmmn and the octopus was soft and tasty. The place is beautiful, great for family events and dates. Highly recommended!
7: I love the decor of the restaurant. We were seated at an alcove near the open rotisserie. The wait staff are very attentive and provides excellent recommendations from the menu of the day. We had the grilled octopus and the pita bread with feta filling for starters. The octopus was grilled to perfection. The flavour is so intense and the octopus is not rubbery or tough. We polished it off within 5 minutes. We had the Lamb Souvlakis and the Grilled lamb as entrees. The meat is done to a medium perfection and veggies on the side is very savoury and delicious. The potatoes are crispy on the exterior and creamy inside. The private rooms are also very tastefully furnished. It definitely gives me a rustic feel that is reminiscent of Greek cafes.
8: Lovely lunch spot! The server and chef worked with my dietary restrictions and modified what I wanted! Service and staff were very friendly and food was delicious! I ordered the octopus app and the lamb entree. My dietary restrictions are allergies to gluten, dairy and eggs
9: When you see a highly rated restaurant you walk in with expectations that might hinder the experience. This establishment proved otherwise. From the moment you walk in and until you reluctantly leave out the door you only see happy faces and a synchronized heart beat allowing the experience to flow flawlessly. The amazing staff make this star restaurant shine We had the prawns and the zucchini cakes as appetizers. The fakes soup and Greek salad. The sea brim and the sea bass All were perfectly seasoned and presented. Now we go to the crown jewel of this restaurant their olive oil. Yes you can buy a bottle.
10: Great flavor, ambience and service! I personally like dining there either for lunch or if you must, an early dinner. The space is beautiful with the natural light. Service was impeccable with wait service providing helpful tips on what to order and helped course out the meal. You can’t go wrong with any dish on the menu baked with filo dough! The lemon curd filled spanakotiropita with rosemary olive oil ice cream was a great way to end the meal. Oh, and if you are soup person, the avgolemono is a must try - one of the best soups I’ve ever had!!
11: Highly sought out SF seats- we came here after numerous recommendations about this restaurant. It’s often rare you see a restaurant live up to the hype you hear about it from friends and colleagues- but Kokkari is one of those anomalies 🏽 🏽 🏽 From the ambience, to the waiter service, to the wine list, to the food- the experience was absolutely enchanting. I’ll admit.. the reserve wine list made made me feel like I haven’t drank a single significant bottle of wine in my life; but that is more of a me problem. Finally- the lamb chops, the lamb chops, the lamb chops. Will definitely be coming back to wine, dine and celebrate !
12: This is one awesome place that I give two thumbs up. The ambiance, excellent food and service! Top notch. We tried Octopus and Persimmon salad. Top notch. For main course we tried lamb chops and Kebabs. What not to like? If I get another opportunity, I will definitely go here. BTW, if you get to seat in the back area, you can see the open kitchen and how they cook!
13: Just, amazing a lot of delicateness in their food. The taste was phenomenal. They know how to implement their flavors. I was astonished. The way they implement their flavors into food. Just fabulous!! Didn't have a chance to meet the chef. Do have something to say about their assistance. He was fabulous... He made me feel welcome. I really appreciate it. Even though, I was a hiker in the area. Not ready for a fancy dinner!!
14: The food and service are great. It really was. But amount of the foods are very little. and some of the staffs wanted customer to make an order more! This restaurant is quite high quaility one, so I understand, but It was not satisfied totally.
15: So good. We got here early without a reservation before they opened. We sat at the bar (fortunately they seated us as they also have bar reservations now). We sampled the fried cheese, grilled octopus, whole fish, desserts, etc. Everything was delicious. Super cool atmosphere with open flame cooking. Place fills up fast. Make a reservation and check it out. You won’t regret it.
16: This is a lovely restaurant and you won't be disappointed! We came in for lunch (make sure to make a reservation). We ordered all appetizers and dessert as those looked the best to us. Overall everything was seasoned to perfection and well portioned for the price. This is definitely a once in a while luxury date for us. Pita with eggplant dip 5/5 - you get to choose your dip type (one was plenty for the two of us) honestly the pickled veggies that accompanied it were the star to me Grilled Octopus 5/5 - this was my favorite dish of the day! The octopus was cooked to perfection and had a scallop-like tenderness to it. Served with a delicious lemon and oil sauce Fried Smelts 5/5 - lots of tiny fish that are fried to a crisp. Very little fish flavor almost more of a meaty french fry. The garlic/potato dipping sauce was excellent! Zucchini cakes 5/5 - very tender and had a crab cake type consistency. They were probably the smallest in terms of potion of the dishes we ate, but the flavor was great! Kataifi Ekmek 5/5 - our dessert was the Kataifi and it was almost like a Greek cheesecake but it was so much more than that. Great flavor and we asked for the poached pear on top and that was a great addition.
17: We went to Kokkari today for my mom's birthday, who was visiting from Greece. While I have lived in the area for a long time, I had never been to Kokkari, and as a Greek I was really looking forward to going. However, the experience was disappointing and as a Greek I frankly feel embarrassed that this is considered to be one of the best Greek restaurants in SF. The chicken was below average, the meatballs, octopus, goat stew just OK. The baklava ice-cream was too sweet. What was a 10 out of 10 was the decoration and ambience. Then came the shock when we saw the check. When asked what to drink, we had all simply requested water. Apparently, they charged $18 (see receipt). We had wanted tap water. They had not actually brought bottles at the table, they were just filling our glasses. So after an evening of overly expensive mediocre food, we saw the $18 charge for the water, and ultimately left the restaurant with a "never come back" feeling. We were reminiscing of how good the food is in Greece all the way to the car. Out of Greek pride, I hope I am the only one who had an experience like this, and that this was the outlier.
18: One of the best meals we’ve had in a while. ( and we go to a lot of places) had my birthday dinner there and everything we ate was great. The calamari, zucchini cakes were absolutely delicious, I’d have them again. salad was balanced and fresh. They do fillet the whole fish before bringing it to you - if that’s what you prefer. The whole sea bream was cooked well and tasted great.
19: Came to Kokkari based on a friend's recommendation. Was celebrating one of my best friend's birthday! Made a reservation earlier that week, and noted that it was for a birthday. We were sat quickly and right by the door. Windows were open, and it was a snug, intimate table. We ordered A LOT of food. -Drinks: moscow mule, aperol spritz, glass of bernhard riesling -Kolokithokeftethes (greek zucchini fritters) -Marithes Tiganites (fried smelts) -Arnisia Glossa (grilled lamb tongue) -Peach salad (salad special) -Lavraki (european bass) -Arnisia Paidakia (lamb chops +1 additional lamb chop) -Mosharisia Brizola (dry aged rib eye) -Baklava Highlight of the meal were the fried smelts. So good! We ordered it twice...grilled lamb tongue was good as well. The entrees were all made well. Just in general, more pricey. Service was good. On the way to the restroom, you realize that the space is huge. There was so much seating in the back. They have a very cool set up with their open kitchen. Good spot for a fancier meal! Street parking only. Follow the adventure @shoyuthebest on IG!
20: We had a great night at Kokkari. Kokkari offers traditional Greek cuisine presented as a refined dining experience. We are Greek and are very accustomed to the cuisine. The restaurant has a great ambiance and good service. We started with the mezzethes (starter share plates)- we had the Brussels sprouts, saganaki (fried cheese), and the octopus. All were great - the octopus was melt in your mouth. For main we shared the lamb Rotisserie with potatoes. Slow cooked and Packed with traditional flavours. I finished the Night with the loukoumades (fried dough balls with syrup)- one of my favourites. They were great. The overall experience and service was great (albeit on the pricey side , but worth it) and I would recommend kokkari but make sure you book well ahead to get a seating.
21: Wedding reception lunch meal. Family friendly and sophisticated. Absolutely wonderfully personal Al and hospitable experience. And then there’s the food! Best baklava I’ve ever had. Delicious selection of teas and coffees to accompany dessert. The mains and sides did not disappoint. The sourdough was spectacular. Highly recommend taking the whole family for a lovely experience. We will return!
22: Splendid dining experience. Our server explained contexts beautifuly and made sure we well informed. Food presentation and taste was on point. Was a delight to be here.
23: My first experience at a Greek fine dining restaurant exceeded all expectations. It's difficult to describe just how great of an experience it was from the staff to the food to the ambience everything was 5 star. For appetizers we got a special Flatbread and olives with feta.I got the lamb shank with orzo and my friend got halibut on broccoli rabe. We cleaned our plates and still had room enough to dessert. Again a bit shoutout to the staff for helping with choices. A can't miss when visiting sf.
24: Came here on a Friday at around 2pm for lunch, and the hostess Carlye was super kind and accommodating. This restaurant is huge, and the chairs and decor is very comfortable. We ordered several appetisers - caviar dip with pita, zucchini cakes, saghanaki, and the lamb riblets. All were super delicious, flavourful and brought out very quickly. For entree we got one lamb chop each, and shared a whole fish. Cindy gave us really good recommendations, and it was definitely enough food for two people. We finished off with the blood orange pastry and the strawberry granita, both of which were not too heavy and really delicious, a great way to end off a meal.
25: A truly exceptional meal. Our server, Jason, gave fantastic recommendations (the kataifi!!!) and went above and beyond in his service to us. He was professional, attentive, and obviously passionate about the food, and his banter with Matthew - another front of house member who welcomed us kindly - solidified the warm feeling of the restaurant and elevated our experience. We ordered the special lamb dolmas, smelts, tongue, prawns, and riblets. Each dish was cooked to absolute perfection. We did not end up ordering a true entree, but our “mezethes” spread was perfect for two looking to sample and explore. For dessert, I ordered the greek coffee and now I have a new favorite drink, and the previously mentioned kataifi is now a new favorite dessert. I can not recommend this restaurant highly enough!!! If you’re able to get a reservation, you are lucky indeed!
26: The hostess was the best. A Greek Goddess. Got my friend and me a table on a crowded Tuesday evening. We each had fish; sea bream and sea bass. Halloumi cheese and grilled artichokes for starters. Everything was tasty but nothing wow'ed me. My friend, who has been to this restaurant many times said the lamb is outstanding. Waiter was attentive and sincere. Enjoyable atmosphere, with lots of chatter filling the room.
27: Excellent! Reservation process was easy, very welcoming hostess and manager. Our server Gilberto provide outstanding service. The grilled octopus, the Moussaka, lentil soup, lamb and Loukoumades were delicious. Really nice dining experience. Totally recommended.
28: Let’s start with the good. My server was fantastic and most of the food was great this is specifically about the steak and how the manager handled it. The steak we got half of the dish was inedible due to gristle. Literally couldn’t cut through one of the pieces without a crazy amount of force yet he expects me to eat it? Not only that when I complained he was so co descending saying sometimes steaks are like that it must just be the fat. I have eaten steak before and that’s the type of service you get for a $20 steak not a $70 dollar steak. Rather than offer some kind of solution he basically says tough luck and takes the dish away and never addresses it again. It’s not a cheap place for dinner you think they would do better than that. I get this place is an establishment but wow I don’t know for who. Your money is better off at somewhere like La Ciccia, House of Prime Rib, or Harris for this kind of money. Reiterate though my server did the best she could and took the right steps to making the rest of my night better but charging me full price when half the plate was not edible shame on you. Nasty citrusy potatoes and bland flavorless wet spinach. Please go somewhere else for any special nights out.
29: Beautifully executed Greek comfort foods & fresh seafood. Great service. Loved their extensive wine selections.. & their smelts were fantastic. A highlight of our trip.
30: The food was delicious! Our waitress was real nice and helpful!. The environment was very pleasant!
31: I have been here numerous times and the food is consistently great. Upscale Greek food. I never order goat anywhere but I always order it at Kokkari because it is amazing. Try it! You’re welcome!
32: There is a reeason why this place is so popular. Definitely get the Octopus, Lamb, Ravioli. I heard the fish menu is good too and will try it out next time.
33: If you're a single person and wondering why everyone who you ask about this place says it's "expensive" like me, I took it to mean that you'll spend 3 figures on a meal if you're actually trying to have an experience. I had 4 courses essentially. You can get away with spending $60 or less though. Great wines btw!!
34: Incredible dining experience. Don't have one negative comment on the service nor the food. Everything dish we got was fantastic, and pretty reasonably priced (huge portions!). I think the highlight was the octopus for us. Perfectly cooked and oh so delicious. Be sure to make a reservation early because it's very popular (for good reason!).
35: Just an amazing restaurant! We ordered octopus appetizer - savory, seasoned perfectly. The. My husband ordered the chicken and it was incredible - like the last time. I ordered something new - the lamb riblets - while they were really good, not my thing. I have always loved lemon rice soup, I decided not to get it this time - opting for the rib-lets. When I mentioned it to my wait person, Stephanie, she brought me a to go serving of the soup - it was our anniversary. Stephanie made our evening perfect! Can’t wait until next time!
36: One word. WOW. An absolutely stellar restaurant with not only great food but a beautiful atmosphere. The chicken dish though it was very large and filling was so flavourful as well as the lamb souvlaki. Tender meat paired with a fresh salad and creamy tzatziki just as they do in Greece. The saganaki was also the best I have had, lemony and very soft. This is a fine dining experience so put on your best outfit and get ready to enjoy the amazing flavours. Can’t wait to be back! A special thank you to our waitress (sorry forgot your name) though she was only there for about month she gave us her honest opinion and amazing service. Thank you again. -Your friends from Toronto.
37: This restaurant is outstanding in every way. The service could not be better anywhere. Lunch was not rushed; our party of five stayed 2-1/2 hours to enjoy a special holiday meal two days before Christmas. Excellent selections of Mediterranean foods; some a bit unusual and unexpectedly delicious. We tried many appetizers served with fresh, crusty, sour- dough bread and butter. Be sure to order the fried cheese app. Our meals included a grilled whole fish specialty, a halibut concoction, grilled lamb chops and more. All exceptionally prepared and presented. Save room for dessert (to share), and you will be surprised with the size of the hot fudge sundae. We stayed for coffee and desserts, and we will be back!! Dietary restrictions: We needed strict gluten-free. Our waiter was very knowledgeable and there were many options for our Celiac person.
38: We had lunch and it was incredible! Staffs were very professional and kind. I loved all the dishes that we had! The sundae was HUGE lol we probably should have shared one plate of dessert lol
39: Beautiful atmosphere, but difficult to reserve. Very good service, high prices, good food A little cramped with small tables Good wine list. I expected a little more but it's worth it
40: One of the most incredible restaurant of the city. Hard to get a booking but definitely worth it!
41: This restaurant definitely lives up to the hype. The food is outstanding. The service is brilliant. And great ambiance and vibe. It's a massive place and it was brimming with people on a weeknight! Everything we had, from appetizers to dessert was fantastic. Definitely some of the best Greek food I've had and highly recommend it.
42: Everything here is great! The ambiance was nice. the staff was experienced and attentive to details. Service was fast. Definitely recommend!!!
43: Great atmosphere and amazing service. Food exceeded expectations. Would recommend leaving space for a couple desserts.
44: We really loved our foursome dinner last week. The lamb ribs are simply amazing along with the other dishes, roast chicken dinners and the big surprise, goat stew! It was absolutely amazing! Service was also excellent, very good pace and attention from all the staff.
45: The lamb is legendary. the tongue was delicious, the pita bread, the sald. Everything was not only good but actually memorable. Please go.
46: High quality food, but pricey for small-medium sized portions.I appreciate the grilled fish and the lamb chops.
47: The Best Greek food on the West Coast. Needless to say the thousand or so reviews before me speak volumes to this wonderful restaurant. Flavoursome, beautifully served, memorable and beyond. Well Deserved of 5 stars. Brilliant staff and service. Highly Recommend.
48: Another trustworthy Michelin recommended place. We first went for lunch then for dinner and then for dinner again. I recommend the stuffed calamari - the chicken skewer - the lentil soup - all the salads. The lamb meatballs were fabulous. The Galaktabureko desert is also worth the detour. Decor 4/5 Service 5/5 Food 5/5 Value for money 4/5
49: Best Greek food I've had in years. The service was friendly and knowledgeable. Everything was cooked to perfection. The desserts were really excellent as well. Their love of the cuisine shines in the amazing execution of the food.
50: Still one of my favorite restaurants! Get the Lamb Shank, it is the best. Zucchini cakes are great. Arugula salad is fantastic. Staff is great, atmosphere is great. You will have a great meal and time here.
51: This restaurant was fully booked when we called for a reservation. But they were able to accommodate us on such short notice. Fish was clean 👌 and tasty. The bread basket was as fresh as you could ever get 😋
52: super helpful staff. was very willing to offer an opinion on the menu. the octopus was spectacular. the grilled fish was great. fun wine list, ample by the glass, half bottles and reasonably priced.
53: A very high end place with a menu that has things that I’ve never seen before at other Greek restaurants. Our server was very knowledgeable of the menu and made sure people with sensitivities and allergies were helped with their menu choices. There are two private rooms in the basement for more intimate get togethers.
54: Lunch was delicious! I had chicken souvlaki, which was tasty. The fava hummus was great, but I wish the pita had been grilled. They also serve bread and oil, which was good. I also wish the bread had been warmed. The service was fantastic! My waiter, the bread guy, and food runners were all genuinely friendly and attentive. The interior was charming and comfortable. One of the best lunches I’ve had in SF.
55: I hadn't been to Kokkari since before the pandemic and I was so happy to celebrate reopening taking a friend there for her birthday. The experience was a bit disappointing though. While our server Jason was extremely friendly, we had one of entrees brought to the table severely undercooked (ordered medium, got bloody rare) and we waited and waited for a manager to address it, who never showed up. After a long wait, they ended up comping the dish as she couldn't eat it like that. I had told her not to worry, that they'd make it right, especially on her birthday. But they didn't. In other occasions, when I took someone to Kokkari on their birthday, I would tell the staff and they'd do something nice for them, like congratulate them or even offer a small slice of birthday cake. This once they not only didn't do any of that but they didn't correct a $40+ entree for her. Not the level of service I expected. I hope we can blame the pandemic for it.
56: Easily one of the best restaurants I’ve ever had the pleasure of visiting. Octopus starter is straight fire. Whole fish spectacular. Lamb was mind blowing. Service is also impeccable. Also a great bar if you happen to be dining solo. Go!
57: So beautiful and delicious. The best table in the house is by the fire to watch the dlow roasted lamb (that night's special) slowly cook. Save room for desserts, they're divine.
58: I cannot say enough good things about this place. The food, drinks, atmosphere, and service were absolutely phenomenal. We tried so many of the appetizers, had the whole fish for dinner, and two kinds of desserts that I will forever dream about.
59: This is one of the best places I've eaten at here in the Bay Area! Ambiance is great for groups and even an intimate date. Service is excellent as well and the waiters/waitresses really know the menu inside and out. We ordered basically all the mezzes(apps) and each dish was amazing. I love how they have greek language on the menu. My boyfriend & sister loved it since they Greek. They also loved how they had a traditional Greek dish that most greek restaurants don't serve here. 10 out of 10!