0: Above average vegan food, super delicious but it could have been better with meat in the dishes and animal products. The salad was tasty. I got pasta and the sauce was watery. I really liked the desert with honey and pear toffee. It was super good given that it is vegan. Overall I am not a fan of vegan food, though I do see it’s economic value, but this was surprisingly super good.
1: I loved the range of food on this menu and the garlic knots were absolutely incredible. My milanese dish was quite nice but the dessert was lacking in zest for me. The flavour could have been a little bit stronger and it would have been nicer. I'm not sure how fresh the blueberries were either, I think one of them was gone bad (zoom in on the berries at the forefront/left of the pic). It's a very expensive restaurant. The staff were very friendly and attentive.
2: We went for dinner here on a Saturday. I will recommend to go with a reservation beforehand. Otherwise the wait time can be long. This restaurant is one of the very rare restaurants which serves an entirely vegan Italian menu. We ordered a couple of cocktails to start with along with the mozzarella sticks. The cocktails are really good. We ordered the Golden ticket and the New leaf cocktails. Both of them had a very good balance of the alcohol and the non alcohol components. The breading on the mozzarella sticks was crispy and good. But the vegan mozzarella was very bland. The marinara sauce was a good accompaniment but still could not overcome the blandness beyond a certain extent. For the mains we ordered the Ravioli and the mushroom risotto. The ravioli was decent but the risotto was again a bit bland. The mushrooms and the veggies had a nice crunch and nice taste, but the risotto itself was under seasoned. Overall I wanted to give a rating of 3.5 but since the Google review has only decimal options, I went for the above rating of 3. Overall I liked the ambience and the service.
3: My new favorite restaurant! So so glad we tried this place! Outstanding vegan food! The manager is the sweetest and kindest man! He accommodated all my requests! The staff is so great and sweet especially the man who served us! They made our visit absolutely wonderful and memorable. The food , the vibe, the people! Great , great stuff! Being a vegetarian I can’t say how underrated it is, but anyone who can cook mushrooms that well, just knows food inside out. The deserts, oh my! My all time favorite shall be the Rigatoni, fantastic! Definitely coming back here soon
4: This is my new favorite plant based restaurant in SF. My husband and I came in for the first time tonight and sat at the bar because we didn't have a reservation. I really love the vibe in the restaurant and the gentleman in the suit behind the bar was very friendly and attentive. I had the butternut ravioli and my hubby had some pizza. We shared the "mozzarella" sticks as an appetizer. The cocktails were great. I love that they use Boulders here for the old fashioned and not small ice cubes which are not worthy of whiskey in my opinion. It's a 2-story restaurant with a great center bar and it's in Hayes Valley, which is one of my favorite neighborhoods in SF.
5: PERFECT! Go here for a great experience and an upscale vegan restaurant. This was approved even by my non vegan husband. We loved the meatballs, not so much the mozzarella sticks. I ordered the tortellini and it was very good, small portion though (I had maybe like 7 tortellini in the plate- too small for an entrée) . Lasagna wasn't also our favorite, but it was a big portion. I ordered the lemon custard Frutta, and it was amazing. Also two pizzas for take away. Definitely the best vegan food we had so far in a very elegant place. Will come back here again.
6: Visited this place with a few friends one Wednesday night, had reservations in advance so we were seated right away. Staff was really friendly, service was fast. Atmosphere was really nice, fun and the place felt very upscale. A 100% vegetarian restaurant (which as a vegetarian I absolutely loved). We ordered garlic knots arancini as apps - both were really delicious. I ordered the spaghetti (kale pesto, squash) for my main which was nice and light. Price $$-$$$. Highly recommend checking this place out, especially if you’re looking for a vegetarian friendly spot!
7: Fabulous vegan dining experience. Servers were impressively attentive yet kept their distance and did not rush us through our meal. But the food stole the show. We ordered three courses with cocktails and loved every bite and sip. If you’re in the area and enjoy high-end vegan cuisine, you must give Baia a try.
8: If I could eat here every day I would. Highly recommend. I am not vegan and this food would pass an old school Italian grandma taste test! Came back 2 nights in a row. The food is DELICIOUS and I love the ambiance. Service is quick and excellent. Heads up you can eat upstairs and downstairs. The restrooms are gender neutral just in case that's a concern for you and of course parking is just as difficult as any other part of the city.
9: A really lovely place to get all plant based Italian food. The pasta was delicious and had a good bite, and the mushrooms were fragrant. The parking garage next door was convenient, though not free, and the wait staff was a little stiff and indifferent, but timely and not unfriendly. A solid place to go for good vegan pasta.
10: This is a fantastic spot. Fulfilling and luxurious food. Nice atmosphere. Lovely staff. Their spicy sausage and pepper pizza is absolutely breathtaking! It’s so good, you won’t miss the meat! You can hardly even tell that it’s all vegan
11: Best vegan Italian I have ever had! We got three types of pasta and the risotto, and all had different flavors (not just one type of cashew cheese). Don’t miss the ravioli. Baia feels like an upscale Chicago restaurant with the open middle area to the bar and a boisterous noise level with music. Perfect spot for dinner with omnivores.
12: Before I went here, I was concerned that the portion sizes might leave me hungry or that the food wouldn't be worth the price. I tried to pick menu items that looked larger based on review photos, and my experience was terrific! I even had leftovers. If you're on the fence about coming here, definitely try BAIA out at least once. Ambiance here is top-notch. It's a gorgeous restaurant. And for Italian cuisine, there are ample gluten-free options, which I really appreciate. I highly recommend the small plate of meatballs and the pesto risotto. The meatballs were cooked perfectly, as was the polenta served underneath them. The pesto risotto was very creamy and flavorful. The potatoes in the dish were soft and cooked to perfection. The pesto wasn't as mild as a traditional pesto, I really love what they did with the spicing. The panna cotta with vegan honey was plated beautifully, and it wasn't too sweet. It's definitely the best iteration of this classic dessert that I've ever encountered. The service was attentive, just not the charisma or repoire some servers have. Also, the plate waiting for me at my table when I got there was a bit dirty. At first, I thought it was just discoloration on the plate, but there ended up being smudges of something on it. It didn't matter since the food was brought out on other plates anyway, but I wasn't expecting that from an upscale place. Otherwise, everything was great. Vegetarian options: Fully vegan!
13: Good food but I would probably never actually dine in there. The pasta was quite sweet. The salad and greens were my favourite options. Very loud and the atmosphere doesn’t feel welcoming.
14: We were pleasantly surprised by the food at Baia. Had a variety of beautifully cooked dishes. The server was delightful and helped us with some of our choices. The squash soup was delicious and beautifully paired with some crispy kale. For appetisers, we chose the charred broccoli and the vegetable platter. Both were amazing but the vegetable platter definitely stood out! The salsa verde with various veggies was a refreshing new flavour! For mains, the rigatoni pasta was spicy and absolutely delicious. The dessert in my opinion was okay and did not stand out! Vegetarian options: Vegan restaurant
15: The lasagna was not on the menu! My ravioli was good but very mushroom-heavy. The rigatoni was SPICY, which you are warned of when ordering it. The best dish on the table was the risotto by far; very creamy and flavorful. The mozzarella sticks fell apart but tasted delicious. The Caesar salad was also delicious - I don’t know how they got the parmasean and dressing to so closely resemble the real thing. Make sure you make reservations if on a weekend!
16: We had brunch here and pleasantly surprised by the 100% vegan plantbased menu that did not disappoint. My favorite was the avocado pizza . We also enjoyed the funghi pizza, carbonara pasta with cashew cheese, Just egg sandwich . Good portion size . Very upscale much needed vegan restaurant . Gluten free options available too. A must try when in SF. Lovely ambience and excellent service .
17: I love almost everything about this place. The food was spectacular (although my cacio e Pepe was lemony which it should not be). The atmosphere was very nice, and I liked the decor. I am a very big fan of plant based elegant restaurants because I think it turns vegan food into something everyone can appreciate. My whole family loved it despite them usually not being fans of vegan replacements for things such as cheese. My one complaint other than the cacio e Pepe was the service— they took a long time to get to us and the waiter wasn’t very friendly. Not bad, but not good either.
18: I heard great things about this plant-based restaurant and finally made it here. Although the inside looks so lovely, we opted for outside seating while things are still too covidy. The location is great, brick building is nice, all good that way. Their outside zone is just average, as was the service; nothing bad, but nothing great. The arancini appetizer ($14) was tasty, but not like the arancini I grew up with. They were small (4 of them), with hard crust, and not gooey inside. It was a mix between arancini and falafel with an avocado-based sauce. I liked it when I stopped comparing. The kale pesto pasta ($18), also a fusion, was OK, but not special, although there were a few pieces of squash, which is nice. I much prefer my own vegan pesto. The portion was a bit small. The lasagna ($32!) was great, however, and I have no complaints. A really nice flavor with an appropriate-sized portion. The glass of chianti ($15) went really well with it. I had to remind myself that this isn't really an Italian restaurant, but rather a Californian-Italian restaurant. After realizing this, everything made more sense. And it being a plant-based restaurant is definitely a bonus. Shockingly, they do not serve bread with the meals (I asked) and I would very much have liked to have had a few pieces. Not only do I love good bread, but I'm accustomed to having bread with Italian food, so that was disappointing. I'm sure I'll be back, but probably not anytime soon.
19: Food was really quite exceptional. Impossible meatballs and mozzarella sticks for appetizers that were on point. The pizza and pasta dishes we had for dinner were all delicious and visually quite stunning. And we really enjoyed the tiramisu, hard to believe it was vegan!
20: I’ve never really done vegan dining before, but Baia has made a great first impression for me, the food was incredibly creamy when needed and the drinks were very tasty. “How did they make the risotto so creamy???” Was the topic throughout dinner for us.
21: Best vegan restaurant in SF in my opinion. At least among the places that don't completely break the bank. Not all of the dishes are mind blowing, but all of them are good. I like that they focus more on taste than trying to imitate the non vegan equivalent. This is especially true for their pizza. I hate vegan cheese imitations on pizza. Baia makes a pizza that tastes great and doesn't have any nasty rubber imitation attempts on it. Try the pizza, try everything; nothing will disappoint!
22: A pretty good restaurant to enjoy vegan food. I am not a big fan of vegan but this place is exceptional!We tried the Garlic knots which are amazing along with the Margherita pizza.Highly recommend this place!!
23: We went to Baia for our anniversary and it was amazing! For drinks we got the Garden Collins and Bella Donna. And for food we got the Arancini, Lasagna and Margherita Pizza - all were amazing. The service was great, and we can’t wait to come back. Definitely recommend.
24: Ir was a wonderful experience! We were there for brunch before the 2 pm performance, so we wanted to try it. The Rótolo was fabulous!! (It would be great if the could try a gluten free version of it, as a suggestion) the pistacho and the glaze was perfect. We ordered the breakfast sandwich and the frittata , the longer had and scrambled we were there at 12:30, I guess it was a big sell that day! The salad the Cosme with the dish was very nice and fresh! ( less oil would have been better) the frittata was excellent!! And the vegetables were delicious!! The reason is 4 and not 5 was because of the latte. It was as foamy as I would expect it. I was looking forward having the rotolo with the latte. Overall, I would recommend it to my vegetarian friends. I would like to come back and try the dinner menu.
25: The vegan food was excellent with many choices that is not just vegan junk food. The meatballs were really nice with strong flavors and great texture. My favorite was the Alfredo pizza. The crust was unexpectedly delicious - nice crunch but chewy in the middle. The Milanese was also really lovely with the pasta made just so dente. There’s an extensive wine list with some nice wine by the glass options. In terms of feedback, I made a reservation and they sat us in the bar area on the first floor under the staircase. It was cramped with chairs arranged in a very odd and uncomfortable way. Would have been ok if I was a last minute walk in but surprised they gave us this table having made reservations way in advance. My friend ordered a gluten free pizza but they didn’t pick up and she double checked when the pizza came. This could have resulted in her being uncomfortable for a few days. The ambiance is also a little off with the interior decoration neither here nor there. Is it a classic fine dining restaurant or a hip vegan spot? Who knows.
26: This restaurant has changed my perspective of Vegan in the best way. I was not just surprised by, but blown away by the amount of flavor and depth to the food items I tried tonight. I went with two friends so the three of us shared many dishes. I loved the mozzarella stickers, they were so creamy and I would never have guessed it was vegan cheese if it wasn’t listed on the menu. The sunchokes and eggplant appetizer was good, the I thought the beet purée was not necessary (I am also not the biggest fan of beets). The meatballs and polenta is a good combination but thought the polenta could have used a bit more flavor or cream. I loved the gnocchi and the sauce so much I would absolutely order it again. I don’t normally like gnocchi, so this was surprising to me how much I really enjoyed this. And I highly recommend the risotto! It’s the best thing I had in my opinion and my favorite risotto I’ve ever had when eating out at a restaurant. I ordered the Zucca pizza, the dough was delicious, but the combination of ingredients didn’t work for me. I’m not sure if it was the red sauce, and should have been a white sauce or garlic sauce or if it was just I don’t know about zucchini on pizza. Would try a different pizza next time. For dessert we ordered panna cotta and it was unlike anything I’ve ever had. It tasted like marshmallow and honey. Delicious. Loved the honey comb on top and the orange citrus. Overall I thought the atmosphere and esthetic of the restaurant was beautiful. Service was very attentive and great. Menu was higher priced for some items but worth the price.
27: This place is amazing. Drinks, appetizers, entrée, dessert- they were all delicious. Great presentation, wonderful ambience (great date spot) and scrumptious food. This place has it all. I will definitely be back. Easily on my list of favorite restaurants in the SF/Bay
28: I love vegan food, and had very high hopes for Baia..but did not love the food. Loved the service and loved the drinks and the vibes of the atmosphere was amazing. Maybe for me, since I haven’t been to a vegan Italian place before u was not used to the food or not sure what to expect. The artichoke pizza was amazing, I wish the garlic knots had more garlic in it
29: The meatball/polenta app is SO GOOD. The chicken parm was ok. Great things: ambiance, food. The worst part: the service. I also made a reservation to be safe so I can’t speak for wait times (I could see them being long). But the service was not good. And a friend told me when they’ve gone the service is the weaker point. Y’all, this is an upscale EXPENSIVE restaurant… train your servers better! My server barely greeted me, barely spoke, it was my first time and I had to do all the work in asking questions. He didn’t even ask if I was enjoying my food, didn’t ask if I wanted dessert or drinks, told me the Reisling wasn’t sweet (I could tell he just didn’t know) but it was (not totally his fault wines are hard but servers should know the basics right), and when he dropped my check back after paying I said thank you and he said YOURE WELCOME and walked away. Not even have a good night! I don’t need doting on at a restaurant, I like my space, but these are the basics. Maybe he had a bad day but he seemed okay. Anyway I don’t miss serving, it is so hard, but with the right management and training it can be better. Hint hint… management! So don’t go for service but go to eat! Super good.
30: Delicious and unique vegan food. I loved the mozzarella sticks (which were also gluten free!) - perfect combo of chewy and crispy. The funghi pizza was also great.
31: Amazing restaurant; unbelievably good food and vegan, as well. The atmosphere was very nice (great date spot) and great and helpful service. Great drinks menu, as well. Features: Vaccination required; masks worn when nit seated.
32: Absolutely incredible. Years ago, I had my first impossible burger in the restaurant that used to inhabit this space. It’s a BEAUTIFUL restaurant, and I’m so pleased that a vegan restaurant can inhabit this type of formal space and be taken seriously. I brought all non-vegan friends, and they loved it, from the vegan mozzarella sticks to every dessert (we ordered all three). Everything was amazing, but I think the favorites for the meat-like pasta (multiple people said they wouldn’t have known it wasn’t meat) and the spicy pizza. I really loved the cacio e pepe pizza, it tasted like the pasta but in pizza form. The service was also incredible, and they were very nice. We had reservations for a party of 8, and they fulfilled our day of request to sit outside. There’s outside seating for probably ~20 people with heat lamps, but a large interior. They also have a full bar, and fun non alcoholic drinks. I will be coming back here every trip to SF.
33: I'm spoiled by this great first vegan experience. we ordered the spicy impossible sausage pizza, tindle chicken parmigiana and bruchetta. Pizza is a must here - quite a few options available and the crust was pillow soft. The chicken parm was breaded just right - thin and crispy. Bruchetta was fine though I haven't had diced tomato on toast like this before. Vegetarian options: pleasantly surprised by the vegan centric menu! thought it'd just be vegetarian.
34: Decor was great but the food was only so-so. The flavors were simple and bland, lacking the decadence and richness of non-vegan Italian.
35: Was pretty disappointed 😔 We had spaghetti, gnocchi and mozzarella sticks. Sticks don’t taste like mozzarella, spaghetti was great, truffle gnocchi was super oily and tasteless. BUT they have a great wine list and the staff is friendly ! Very used to Italian cuisine and this one was far from it 🙁
36: Delicious amazing food. I love how their cheese is made out of eggplants, who would have known?? They have awesome dishes, especially the polenta. My husband is a meat eater and still loves this place too. Definitely recommend going to it!!
37: I was pretty disappointed with the experience. We went because my wife is a celiac and they are known to be celiac friendly. The service we received was sub par (our waiter never checked on us) and the food was rather disappointing. We ordered the Milanese which was incredibly greasy (like sitting in a pool of grease) and some appetizers. All of which were so greasy that we left nauseated. Keep in mind that this place has the look and feel of a higher end restaurant. The food was almost childish. As if the cooks in the back were experimenting with different ingredients. I am confident that I could have prepared better dishes at home.
38: Phenomenal. One of the best vegan restaurants I've ever been to. The meatball and polenta appetizer was out of this world and the papperadelle and alfredo pizza were both excellent.
39: The feeling of this this restaurant is superb for vegans and non-vegans alike. We often find it difficult to get the ambience and experience we crave due to the fact not many vegan restaurants invest in the look or feeling the restaurant portrays. However, it still seems pretty hard to truly find the gems that also have exemplary options for gluten free and corn free needs. Here are some takeaways from our experience: SERVICE (D) - our drinks took quite a long time to get to us. I figured out they gave our drinks to the wrong table but never bothered to inform us until way after the fact. Honesty is always the best policy. - our waitress was supposed to get some additional info about ingredients for us but disappeared only to return 20 minutes later. - I called to learn what the ingredients were for the gf pasta and was told it was lentil based but when we were able to ask at the restaurant we learned it was chickpea based and still weren't confident in the answer provided...which is it? It is paramount and advantageous that all employees (especially waiting staff) understand what ingredients make up the dishes. - the manager came by and did a good job of making himself available at first but then seemed to disappear when he knew we understood what we were talking about and how knowledgeable we were about ingredients. - the manager offered zero apology about the wait and gaffe related to the drinks. In our very brief meeting he seemed to shy away from any sort of disagreement or conflict and not take ownership of the mistake. Didn't feel like a customer first approach. FOOD (B+) - food offered a great alternative to the typical vegan choices made available in the state of California. I literally told my fiancé how surprised I was that there weren't many (if any) vegan Italian restaurants...insert Baia. - even though there were gf options for the pasta we are curious how modified the dishes become due to the alternative noodle used. We got the gf rigatoni dish but we're served pasta shells instead - we know some great vegan store brands that offer rigatoni noodles that would have worked great here. - the mozzarella sticks were a huge delight - the Panna cotta was tasty, cute, and offered a similar resemblance to a candy nougat AMBIENCE (A+) - We were fortunate to get a seat upstairs around the opening centerpiece. It provided a great romantic feeling OVERALL RATING (B) While this restaurant offered us great competition to our favorite vegan restaurant Gracias Madre (in Newport Beach or Hollywood, not the one in San Francisco, which seems to offer no comparison to their SoCal counterparts), we feel it still has some great improving to do - starting with management, food knowledge, and ingredient alternatives.
40: Spaghetti and chicken pizza was really good! We also got fruit drink (don’t remember the name) and lemonade both were really nice as well. Will come back!
41: Loved it. A bit noisy downstairs but almost all the tables get window views. The service was professional and what one would expect of fine dining. We shared food so we could taste everything. It was all yummy. My favorite was the "Chicken" Parmigiano. The sauces for the dishes were wonderful. Make sure to save room for dessert.
42: Still best vegan place with good gluten free options. I came back after a while and they were missing few dishes I really liked. This place delivers but it's a bit overpriced and missing some none curb options.
43: I ordered some lasagne and then tiramisu and by far one of the worst tiramisu I have ever had! The biscuit used was very hard and not moist enough and chocolate powder used wasn’t great and the cheese was too sweet. Lasagne was ok but also not the best one. Only 2 stars because service is good but the food itself is not good Italian food. Would not recommend. On top of that the place is expensive
44: The most amazing vegan Italian!! Beautiful restaurant with friendly staff. The drinks were delicious and fresh while the food was tasty and hot! The mozzarella sticks are a MUST HAVE. The only thing that was only slightly just OK was the gluten free pasta. It was a bit thick and when I bit into it it seemed to be still raw in the middle. The sauce and “sausage” made up for it and we still put it all down. Would absolutely return!!
45: Baia was amazing, again. My all time favorite restaurant. Sad that I have to travel from Akron to San Fran to eat here but it’s totally worth it!
46: First time eating here. The service was fantastic from the greeting by the hostess to the servers to the bussers. The food was flavorful, substantial, and delicious. The two of us split the garlic knots, a margherita pizza, the chocolate hazelnut torta, and the spumoni mousse dessert. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. As for the cost, any vegan knows we pay more for well-made food. This restaurant is reasonably priced.
47: My stomach was a bit upset when I visited, so I didn't eat much, which is unfortunate because the two bites I took from my partner's ravioli blew my mind. It was very rich in flavor, and the cashew mozzarella only enhanced it. My cauliflower was a bit bland and underwhelming unfortunately but I'm turning a blind eye to that due to how yummy the pasta was!
48: Unbelievable and upscale fully vegan restaurant. Pastas are made in house, as is just about everything else. Very fresh and robust flavors.
49: 100% plant-based menu. I love the atmosphere of this restaurant, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I got their ravioli which was served in a smooth mushroom sauce. My friend got their Pappardelle in a creamy sauce. Both were fantastic. I highly recommend. Oh, also they make a fine Old Fashioned cocktail. Cheers. Vegetarian options: 100% plant-based menu!
50: Walked up with no reservations for brunch and walked away very happy! Service and waiter were excellent - appreciate the honesty on what to order. Drinks and food were all delicious, I even forgot I was at a vegan restaurant. Wish I tried the pizza… next time!
51: Nice placeAll vegetarian menu that is just that, vegetarian , not trying to imitate other protein. Good flavors.
52: Been here twice before a performance and it's perfectly situated. A beautiful space featuring amazing vegan food. They change the menu regularly which is fun. This time we tried the spicy sausage pizza which was to die for.
53: Absolutely DELICIOUS vegan meals (I'm not a vegan), incredible upscale atmosphere, and wonderful service. Really enjoyed our time here. Drinks were on point! The MeliBio "bee-free honey" dessert was A+. Wonderful date night. Nice for groups of up to 6-ish people as well. Many bathrooms downstairs, but only 1 upstairs. Great location, walking distance to SF Jazz & SF Symphony. Make reservations!
54: Great place! Best restaurant for vegan and soy free options.Dietary restrictions: Perfect for dairy free, soy free, gluten-free
55: Had the most fantastic meal here tonight, as Brits abroad we've found it really difficult getting decent vegan food. My partner and I had the spicy sausage and pepper pizza, and gluten free bolognese, personally the best vegan pizza I've had and I love mega cheesy meaty pizza. My partner said the bolognese was the best she's had since going vegan. We managed to squeeze the sticky toffee pear for desert to share which was also great. Good food and even better service. A little pricey but worth the extra money. Thanks for a memorable last night in USA
56: The vegan egg pizza. Dude. Wow. It's authentic Italian pizza with vegan egg? And it blew my mind. Plus, the crust was perfect: as good as the amazing pies over at bare knuckle. Then I had a Cornetto covered with marshmallow paste. Again, 🤯. It was the best Italian dessert I've had. Ever. Even compared to my two culinary focused trips through Italy. This place is up there with millennium and shizan. It deserves the same level of success.
57: Everything was delicious. We came at 4 pm on a Sunday and we didn’t have to wait at all. But it soon got pretty crowded outside. For 2 people though, you still shouldn’t have too much trouble. You can use the QR code at the table to see the menu, and they have hand sanitizer as well. It’s an eclectic crowd which I loved as well. We ordered the grilled vegetables appetizer which was absolutely delicious. And we also ordered the gluten-free mushroom pizza, which was not so bad. We also had the Parmesan eggplant entrée. That was fantastic!
58: I ordered garlic knots, soup and pasta. The soup was good even though there was very little of it. Garlic knots was dry and hard. Pasta never arrived even after several inquiries about it. Finally had to cancel it and leave. It's very loud there, but it's a bar also which is to be expected, definitely not a good dining experiece.
59: This was the second time I have been to Baia. It delivered again an exceptional experience. The food is downright delicious and the service is very solid. I’m surprised it is easy to get a reservation here.
60: Fantastic experience! We shared a bunch of amazing plates and the kitchen even sent out extra plates we weren't expecting. I would have liked to see more Italian options for wine by the glass, but the ones we had were absolutely wonderful. Thank you Baia for a phenomenal time. We will certainly be back!
61: Service is great, food is just okay. The concept is wonderful, but for what they charge for the food, which I don't usually mind paying, the food should be much better. Ordered 6 dishes 3 of which were good, and the other 3 not so much... cocktails are awsome!
62: Great atmosphere but the food is hit or miss. The risotto was too salty for my taste, but the rigatoni was excellent. I came with a party of 4 non-vegans and about half liked the pizza they ordered.
63: The service was good and the place is quite cool. The food was not that great :/ we had the mozzarella sticks that didn’t taste much and were quite soft. Arancini was average, the garlic knot ok. The lasagna did not have much taste and seems that the same tomato sauce goes everywhere... Wine selection and recommendations where nice and the Negroni decent.
64: Writing the review after the 2nd visit in a course of one months. The 1st time we were there we are pizza, which was delicious! The honey panacota was lovely. But I haven’t tried any of the main or side dishes and being under impression that the food was good I asked my friend to celebrate her belated birthday there.. Gosh, I didn’t know how to look her in the eye, it was so bland. Food was tasteless and unimaginative. Besides by the time we finished I felt so bloated! I ate a salad and I tasted some pasta from my friend’s plate and it immediately felt so heavy like I ate a rock. I had a terrible digestive problem after and I’m only writing it because I felt sick after the food and now I read that other people felt sick. This is not normal for such a high end looking place. Please do something about the food quality and I will be happy to come back. But the trust is broken for sure
65: Definitely will be back again. Great atmosphere and a delicious selection of vegan entrees to choose from. The wait staff was friendly and attentive. A great time was had by all at our table of 7.
66: The food is all vegan which is great. The bottomless mimosa is pricey especially because you have only an hour for the bottomless brunch. The people who work there are very nice though.
67: As a vegan or not, you should try this place. It is incredible in every possible way. We had originally planned to go to a restaurant a few blocks down, though they could not accommodate my 5-year-old. BAIA was integral in making my birthday dinner immaculate as the host staff moved around reservations to accommodate us, the wait staff was incredibly diligent and hospitable, food was incredible. I cannot wait to go back. You'll see me again. Thanks for disposing of my credit card that I accidentally left because I was in a euphoric trance!
68: Walked in not realizing its vegan and vegetarian so know that first if you're walking over from the ballet. We only got cocktails way too pretentious not to know how to make a Greyhound. Trendy and expensive place to people watch, so fun but average quality. I did recommend it to my Vegan friend so she might check it out.
69: Only dropped in for an after concert cocktail while the garage cleared. Met some lovely post concert people as well. I don't know anything about the food. Nice marble top bar in the round. Most expensive cocktail I've ever had for a well Manhattan @ $16 +. But there's not much open at 10pm so I think it's good for something close to Davies.
70: The food here is very good, and the concept is great. However I would say that it is somewhat inconsistent. Two of the three pizzas we ordered were baked well but mine was under baked as you can see in the picture. Which was really unfortunate because otherwise it would have been perfect. The service is also pretty awful. I know we're in the middle of a pandemic and that things are tricky but it was impossible to get our server to come to our table, we had to ask several times for our check, and then I had to take it inside to get somebody to run our credit card so that we could leave. If your vegetarian or vegan this is certainly an incredible option for a delicious food, but the service does need some work.
71: Had an amazing meal here. Everything was stellar from the service to the food. Fresh, hot, delicious.
72: I have really enjoyed this restaurant several times since it opened. However, the last time I ate there (3rd week of Jan.) the food was very disappointing. I invited a vegan friend from out of town to treat her and had been bragging about the place. A warning might have been that it also was only half full. However, I found the food had really gone down hill for that particular meal. I ordered the same pasta that I had had 2 times before, and found it below ordinary, and nothing special at all. Same with the salad and sides. Dessert was ok. My sense of it was that there was a new chef, or substitute chef that had never, ever cooked vegan before! It was also a Monday night. Having been a vegetarian for 50 years and a vegan for 20 as well as a vegan cook myself, it was hard to imagine what has gone wrong. So! A new chef? New ownership? Please, management, tell me what has gone wrong and what has happened to one that was a my favorite vegan restaurants in town. Dietary restrictions: Vegan and gluten free.
73: An hour after we placed our order, our food still had not arrived. The manager came by, apologized for being short staffed and said he would take 50% off our bill. That discount took the price from being ridiculously expensive to only kind of expensive. A little square of lasagna listed at $29. It tasted very good, but really? $29 for a little serving? And we felt bad for their staffing problem, but we thought they should have known about it a couple hours earlier when we made our reservation and not accepted it. Vegetarian options: The entire menu is vegan. Parking: This is downtown San Francisco. Expect a challenge finding a parking spot.
74: Feeling so incredibly lucky to stumble on this place while parking at Performance Arts parking to attend the Van Gough projection show. Menu looked good but initially missed that the whole menu is vegan. Yes! Spicy sausage and meatball appetizers for all. We started with the Meatball appetizers over soft polenta. Excellent texture to the Impossoble meatballs and wonderful flavor combined with the sauce and polenta. My partner and I also started with some house cocktails. I wanted a bourbon so went with Sour Beets. Nice flavor and red(not judgy pink, the social constructs are binding!) strong cocktail with a bit of prepared citrus. My partner went with the Golden Ticket and found it a bit sweet. I tried hers and found it a bit tart. We both had the Mysticanza salad. A masterpiece of textures, colors and flavor! What a presentation. For entrees I had the Radiatore pasta and my date had the Cauliflower al Forno. Both were just incredible culinary delights! The pasta was of the yellow/green sauce(gravy-like) variety with a delicious spicy vegan sausage ribbed through. The cauliflower was a large perfectly roasted steak with a plate full of accompanying tasty confit-type accompaniments to be combined with pieces of the cauliflower. Really incredible. So great to have a restaurant like this back in SF not to far from the original Millennium location. Throw in a couple glasses of a full, cherry-cola finished Pinot Noir and the only regret is running out of time for the sumptuous-sounding desserts.
75: Beautiful restaurant. Best vegan gluten-free pizza around. Loved the new caponata pizza. My husband had the non - gluten free mushroom pizza and said it was delicious. The meatballs and polenta are also yummy. A long time ago I had their gluten-free pasta but it was too hard. I would love to try some of the delicious sounding pastas on the menu if they have changed their gf pasta! Dietary restrictions: Great for vegans and gluten free .
76: I came here on a Saturday night with only 30 minutes to spare before seeing a show at the Opera House. We planned to let the server know that we were on a time crunch and hoped to grab a quick bite if possible, but before I even had the chance to communicate this our server politely asked whether we were en route to the show, and he proceeded to tell us that he’d make sure we got there on time. Our server was amazing, he gave us recommendations for what to order that the kitchen could bring out quickly, and sure enough we received our dishes within minutes of ordering. The staff and their professionalism made the entire experience wonderful, despite us rushing in and rushing out to the show. The dishes were incredible. We ordered the meatballs, crispy polenta, and malfadine cacio e pepe. Each dish brought complex flavors and layers of texture, all executed perfectly. The pasta was honestly on par with the best authentic (non-vegan) pasta I had in Italy. I can’t wait to come back here and try more dishes from the menu. Bottom line: food 5/5, service 10/5.
77: Favorite vegan Italian spot in SF. Very accommodating to my gluten and soy allergy. Beautiful fine dining atmosphere. Fully vegan menu and my non-vegan friends love the quality of each dish!
78: I don’t mean to sound critical, but I want to leave feedback that the restaurant can hopefully use to improve the culinary experience it leaves guests with. I think it’s important plant-based restaurants in the Bay Area give people a reason to eat plant-based. This is not a place I would ever bring guests, because this is not what I would want them to think of plant-based eating. Vegan dining can be a really wonderful experience, and if that’s what you’re looking for, I don’t recommend Baia. There were other concerns from a service perspective but I won’t get into that because I’m leaving that out of the scope of this review. I’m only concerned with the quality of the meal, which was sadly lazy and dreadful. Here’s why: The taste was lacklustre, the food quality was stomach churning, and the dishes were a letdown. The first was a serving of whole (not chopped) leaves of butter lettuce with a few slices of radishes, drenched in olive oil and citrus. This is something you would expect to get at a steakhouse where the only vegan item on the menu is a lazy side salad. The second was a serving of beet bites wrapped in melon slices. It was unfortunately very unimaginative. Not long after, we noticed the table next to us received the same dish with tomatoes instead of melon (I suppose they ran out in the kitchen). I felt worse for that table. The third was a soupy bowl of soggy fried zucchini tempura. They were so greasy and oily that the fried tempura slipped right off and sloshed around in the soupy sauce coating the base of the bowl until it was a moppy mess. It made me think of $7 tempura you might get from a gas station sushi bar. The main course was a soupy lasagna with very acidic canned tomato purée and garlic cashew sauce. It had canned, slimy mushrooms layered between overdone noodles and the overall quality of this one made me feel nauseous (still nauseous as I write this review). The next dish was a soupy dessert gelato that came out already melted, so I didn’t have the pleasure of trying this one. I just left it as it was entirely liquid. The last dish was a dry looking cake trapped under an avalanche of whipped cream and soupy canned strawberries that left a puddle of liquid at the base of the plate. I didn’t try this either. Overall, it was aggressively disappointing.
79: A must visit for all living or visiting the Bay Area. Very well considered food and overall experience and caters exceptionally well to those with food sensitivities. The lasagne, arancini, beyond meat meatballs with polenta and any of the desserts are absolute must tries. They have accommodated very well for COVID and offer takeout (super quick) and such. The staff is very knowledgeable and really kind - they take pride in ensuring diners have a positive experience. The food is incredibly flavorful and has been a huge hit with those I know who have tried it thus far. A definite visit for dine-in (when permitted) or takeout!